Docs: Delinieation fast / accurate simulation (#355)
vectorgrp/sil-kit: docs/api/services/lin.rst

.. doxygenfunction:: SilKit::Experimental::Services::Lin::AddFrameHeaderHandler(SilKit::Services::Lin::ILinController* linController, SilKit::Experimental::Services::Lin::LinFrameHeaderHandler handler)
.. doxygenfunction:: SilKit::Experimental::Services::Lin::RemoveFrameHeaderHandler
.. doxygenfunction:: SilKit::Experimental::Services::Lin::SendDynamicResponse

.. note::
  An dynamic response to a LIN header can only be delivered with certain timing restrictions:
  When a LIN master initiates a frame transmission with |SendFrameHeader| at time T.
  The LIN Slave that wants to send the response receives the LIN Header at T+dt and calls |SendDynamicResponse|.

>   The LIN Master will receive the response at T+2dt, which may be out of the timing window for the LIN frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A dynamic response to a LIN header can only be delivered with certain timing restrictions:

  - At time **T**, the LIN coordinator initiates a frame transmission by calling |SendFrameHeader|.
  - At time **T + dt**, the LIN responder receives the LIN Header and calls |SendDynamicResponse|.
  - The LIN coordinator will receive the response at **T + 2dt**, which may exceed the allowed timing window for the LIN frame.
```
